FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions

Q: How do I Signup? 
A: Click on the signup button in the upper right corner. A signup-form pops up and you can fill in your login credentials

Q: I can't register! What am I doing wrong?
A: A message is displayed what happened wrong and there are multiple possibilities:
    - "Account already exists!": Someone already registered this email in our database. Please use a different one or login
    - "Username or Password is missing!": You either left out the email address or one of the password fields. Please use the guidelines provided by the input fields and enter valid database
    - "Error creating new account!": This happens when currently the servers can't respond or find the data in the database. Please stand by, we will fix it soon.

Q: I still can't register. Am I connected to the internet? 
A: Click on this hyperlink to find out: https://ismyinternetworking.com/

Q: Can I play this on Windows? 
A: Don't use Windows. But yes. 

Q: How do I play?
A: First you have to login with your account. If you don't have one, please register in the signup form. then select your puzzle by pressing either puzzle 1 or puzzle 2. After that, press the start button and have fun!

Q: I finished my first game, can I play another one? 
A: Of course! just press the play button again and start another puzzle.

Q: How can I view the highscores for the puzzle I just completed? 
A: There is a button called Highscores that links you to the current highscores.

Q: How do I post a highscore?
A: You can submit your last highscore in the tab highscores in the .. corner

Q: I accidentally clicked on n game, is my old highscore gone?
A: Yes. But if you are the real master, I'm sure you can do it again right?

Q: How do I logout? 
A: You can logout by pressing the logout button. Once pressed, the signup button and the login button should apprear on the top right corner again.

Q: Do I have to login every time?
A: No, you just have to enable cookies and we will be able to identify you, making it for you easier to play your puzzle games.
